# PowerBi-
PowerBi Module Project as a part of Data Science Certification
An in-depth Analysis

Through the documentation, I would try to dive deeper into the insights that have been derived from the data sample that was part of the Project. The Financial sample that was under consideration represented the sales information related to a variety of Products sold across varying Segments ranging from Government, small and mid-level businesses to Enterprises of much larger proportions. The possibility to observe varying products on the basis of offered discount band is definitely insightful. 
At the end of the day, all comes down to brass tax. How much money do the Stakeholders make? Profits are the absolute goal of any business Organization. But I would leap ahead to add a word to that conversation, ‘Sustainability’. Yes, Sustained profits are the absolute goal of businesses to ensure growth and future market capitalization. To ensure that growth continues in future, it is necessary to understand current trends as well as predict future ones. But at the same time, it is also quite useful to look at sales figures to see which of your organization's Products make and loose them the most money or which ones sell most consistently or what the production cost across your Product range looks like. This might lead to present day optimization of Production lines, delivery methods, partner companies that help fulfill those services, necessity and reach of discounts offered and so on.
Visualization of the provided Data helped understand these present day cues that absolutely can give constructive feedback to our stakeholders in improving profit margins and decide where to invest for future as well as where to deinvest in certain cases.
The dataset provided was visualized into several categories to better understand the scope of it and this provided valuable insights into what is currently making the stakeholder the most money and what is loosing them the most.
PowerBi was used to analyse and visualize the Financial Dataset that was under scrutiny. Clearly Enterprise segment is loosing the most money with Sales of only roughly 19.6 million and the cost of goods sold being 20.23 million. Enterprise segment is loosing a little more than 600,000. Governemnet segment seems to be doing a lot of things with regard making stakeholder money with Sales exceeding the COGS by a little more than 11 million. Other segments also seem to be winning in these terms in the light of insights from the Report generated.
Talking about Profits based on countries, France comes out on top by a small margin at 3.78 million but only slightly above Germany at 3.68 million. Mexico is in the end of that list and maybe a clear contender for the stakeholder to concentrate future investments in, considering how much of an importnat up and coming market it is. Total profit standing across countries and segments stands a little below 17 million but clearly this can go higher if enterprise segmant is drastically revamped and inner markets are explored.
The Profit margins based on discount would be insightful for the analysts from Marketing team to better understand incentivising customers across markets. This might help better understand how sales can improve in certain markets throguh discounts and realize what the acceptable cap for such discounts should be. 
Bookmarked views for Factory managers gives cues on Manufacturing Costs and maybe this would help them in optimizing processes in plants across the globe. Similar views are provided for Global managers to analyse data across countries and optimize their managements styles and resources accrodingly. A look into the graphical representation of Profits vs. Manufacturing costs clearly show Profits on the fall across segments as manufacturing costs rises. This could be curtailed through optimizing manufacturing processes as well as moving Production to cheaper countries in the future.
Organizing the given dataset to project data between Profit Margins and Cost of Goods Sold has clearly shown the drastic losses in the Enterprise segment. Stakeholders in the segment have to take drastic measures to improve the situation and find cost saving and money making decisions to go forward. The insights from the visualization and Analysis can be used as a guide to make this happen. The visulaization provides the possibility to dive in even deeper for the respective Stakeholders.

